chore: method specialization (#3268)
noir-lang/noir: docs/docs/language_concepts/01_functions.md

assert(MyStruct::sum(s) == 42);
```

> When operating on [generics](./06_generics.md), method specialization is possible. In this example, the `foo` function returns different values depending on its type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to specialize which method is chosen depending on the [generic](./06_generics.md) type that is used. In this example, the `foo` function returns different values depending on its type:
```

```rust
struct Foo<T> {}

impl Foo<u32> {
    fn foo(self) -> Field { 1 }
}

impl Foo<u64> {
    fn foo(self) -> Field { 2 }
}

fn main() {
    let f1: Foo<u32> = Foo{};
    let f2: Foo<u64> = Foo{};
    assert(f1.foo() + f2.foo() == 3);
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Also note that impls with the same method name defined in them cannot overlap. For example, if we already have `foo` defined for `Foo<u32>` and `Foo<u64>` like we do above, we cannot also define `foo` in an `impl<T> Foo<T>` since it would be ambiguous which version of `foo` to choose.

```rs
// Including this impl in the same project as the above snippet would
// cause an overlapping impls error
impl<T> Foo<T> {
    fn foo(self) -> Field { 3 }
}
```
